[Autogenerated] so we don't want our web TLS coding
against the repository directly.
We want it using an API that the article service will offer to it
the article services going to obstruct away through positive
y-axis its data access behind this API.
So to do that inside the articles project,
we're going to write a service to the articles component.
That service will live in its own package.
So again, if I do new package, it will live in the article service package.
The service will have an interface that would be the type
that is injected into the web here on, then an implementation off that interface.
So if I do,
a new interface here will create an interface called Jacket Article services.
Now,
Jacket Article Service will have methods that the web to is
going to call and will only have a couple of methods that
we care about at the moment.
It's going to have a method called get all articles on.
This will return a list of something I'm going to explain.
What get jacket article is in a moment.
We'll also have a get article image method that returns an image,
and this is the image that will be displayed inside the web page.
This will just be a Java .NET w 2D image.
Just the binary data that the web can do is play.
The service provides the API the jacket articles
component wants exposed the outside world.
So there may be other methods on here as well.
So, for example, we could have methods such as get article,
art, article, update article.
They call me part of the service.
Now, what about these types?
We have a get jacket article type on.
We have an ad jacket, article type.
So for the service, we want the service to return specific data.
We don't want the service to reach into the repository,
pull out all the fields repository on, return them all back to the caller.
If we do that, we end up exposing our database scheme at the outside world.
I mean, really don't want to do that.
We want to encapsulate that we want to expose the
smallest footprint that we can for our data.
So get jacket.
Article a type will only contain the data that the web
application need to display the article.
These AD DS jacket article method will only contain the data
needed by the service to add a new article.
So those types will live in another package called service
models jacket dot article dot services models.
So inside here we'll create a new type called AD DS Jacket article.
I will also create a new class called get Jacket article.
AD DS jacket article will just be a Java bean.
We'll just have the set is and get us on the properties.
We need to allow us to add a new article to our database.
And similarly get jacket article will also be a Java bean
and a geun Jest retrieving back data that we need from the
database to whoever uses this thing.
So now that we have the repository and we have the
interface for the service and a,
we have the types that are used by the interface.
We now need to provide an implementation off this service.
So let's see how we do that.
So we have the interface we have the repository on.
We have the classes were going to use.
We don't have the implementation now.
It seems sort of standard in the Java space to call interface implementation,
something, something, something import.
I don't like that naming convention,
so we're going to try and find a more suitable name here.
So within our article service, we're going to create a new class.
I'm going to call this article detailed service on article repository.
So it tells us more about what's happening,
so we know that we have a jacket article service interface on.
We know we're going to call this through a repository
rather than through some other mechanism,
like a message code to get the data.
So this seems like a more meaningful name that just stick it in.
Put on the end of the interface,
our service will implement jacket article services.
So we need to implement all of the methods off the service on will
implement those methods in terms off the repository.
So the first thing we have to do is to inject the articles
repository as the services now going to use that.
So here we've added a new constructor on into that constructor
were injecting on article repository and a lager.
We're just going to save those away in private variables.
Once we have that,
we can then implement the methods to here we see the implement in
methods we've got our get all articles method,
which mirrors what we saw from the controller earlier.
Except we now returning a set of get jacket article objects for the
controller to use some methods we haven't implemented.
So update article on an article.
We have a get article method that we implement in terms of a
fine by ID method from the repository.
Again, this is a pre implemented proxy method on the repository,
and then finally,
we have a get article image method that we need to endpoint at some point,
I will see how to do that a little later.
Also,
notice that I've added a jacket services exception here
because we like our exceptions to be meaningful.
We don't want to expose exceptions, say, from the database.
We'd like to be able to manage those exceptions and logged in ourselves
and then tell the things using us what's happened.
Maybe through this exception.
So I've added this jacket services exception.
The Jest exposes any exceptions that this service encounters
that it doesn't know how to handle itself.
So now that we have this service in place,
we need to get the controller in the web to to use this on. We'll see how to do that now